README.md, before:

# JaMoveo - Live Music Rehearsal System

A real-time collaborative music rehearsal platform that allows a band leader (admin) to select songs and display synchronized lyrics and chords to all band members.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

**Frontend:** React, TypeScript, Socket.IO Client  
**Backend:** Node.js, Express, TypeScript, MongoDB, Socket.IO

## 📋 Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v16 or higher)
- [MongoDB Atlas Account](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas) or local MongoDB

## 🚀 Installation & Running

### 1. Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/ShakedBardea/JaMoveo.git
cd JaMoveo
```

### 2. Backend Setup
```bash
cd backend
npm install
```

**Create environment file:**

**Option A:** Copy the example file
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

**Option B:** Rename `.env.example` to `.env` manually

Then edit `.env` and replace the placeholders with your actual values:
- `MONGODB_URI` - Your MongoDB Atlas connection string
- `ADMIN_REG_CODE` - Your chosen admin registration code

### 3. Frontend Setup
```bash
cd frontend
npm install
```

### 4. Run the Application

**Terminal 1 - Backend:**
```bash
cd backend
npm start
```

**Terminal 2 - Frontend:**
```bash
cd frontend
npm start
```

The application will open at `http://localhost:3000`

**Note:**
The application uses **localStorage** to manage session data.
If you wish to test multiple users simultaneously (e.g., admin and regular user), make sure to open two separate browser windows or use different browsers.
Running both users in tabs of the same window will cause them to share the same session and behave as one user.

## 👥 Author

Shaked Bardea

Commit message:

Update README with admin registration and notes

README.md, after:

# JaMoveo - Live Music Rehearsal System

A real-time collaborative music rehearsal platform that allows a band leader (admin) to select songs and display synchronized lyrics and chords to all band members.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

**Frontend:** React, TypeScript, Socket.IO Client  
**Backend:** Node.js, Express, TypeScript, MongoDB, Socket.IO

## 📋 Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v16 or higher)
- [MongoDB Atlas Account](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas) or local MongoDB

## 🚀 Installation & Running

### 1. Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/ShakedBardea/JaMoveo.git
cd JaMoveo
```

### 2. Backend Setup
```bash
cd backend
npm install
```

**Create environment file:**

**Option A:** Copy the example file
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

**Option B:** Rename `.env.example` to `.env` manually

Then edit `.env` and replace the placeholders with your actual values:
- `MONGODB_URI` - Your MongoDB Atlas connection string
- `ADMIN_REG_CODE` - Your chosen admin registration code

### 3. Frontend Setup
```bash
cd frontend
npm install
```

### 4. Run the Application

**Terminal 1 - Backend:**
```bash
cd backend
npm start
```

**Terminal 2 - Frontend:**
```bash
cd frontend
npm start
```

The application will open at `http://localhost:3000`

---

### 🔐 Admin Registration

To register as an administrator, enter the following code in the **Admin Code** field of the registration form:
`!MovEo-Adm1n-2025!$XyZ`

This code is required only once during the admin registration process.

---

### ⚙️ Additional Notes

The application uses **localStorage** to manage session data.  
To test multiple users simultaneously (e.g., admin and regular user), open **two separate browser windows** or use **different browsers**.  
Running both users in tabs of the same window will cause them to share the same session and behave as one user.
## 👥 Author

Shaked Bardea
